Feature/add healthcheck (#9)
ONSdigital/dp-deployer: README.md

| NOMAD_CA_CERT                |                        | The path to the CA cert file
| NOMAD_ENDPOINT               | http://localhost:4646  | The endpoint of the Nomad API
| NOMAD_TLS_SKIP_VERIFY        | false                  | When using TLS to nomad, skip checking certs (bool)
| NOMAD_TOKEN                  |                        | The ACL token used to authorise HTTP requests
| PRIVATE_KEY                  |                        | Private key for decrypting secrets
| PRODUCER_QUEUE               |                        | The name of the SQS queue to produce to
| VERIFICATION_KEY             |                        | Public key for verifying SQS messages
| AWS_DEFAULT_REGION           |                        | The AWS region the SQS queues reside in
| VAULT_ADDR                   | https://127.0.0.1:8200 | Vault endpoint URL
| HEALTHCHECK_INTERVAL         | 10s                    | The time between calling healthcheck endpoints for check subsystems
| HEALTHCHECK_CRITICAL_TIMEOUT | 60s                    | The time taken for the health changes from warning state to critical due to subsystem check failures

> | HEALTHCHECK_PORT             | :24200                 | The port for the healthcheck

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HEALTHCHECK_ADDR             | :24200                 | The listen address for the healthcheck
```
it's not (just) a port, it's a whole bind address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BIND_ADDR             | :24200                 | The listen address to bind to
```
we might re-use this server for more than just healthchecking
